===========Efficient and Accurate Collision Response for Elastically Deformable Models  

When the simulation is initialized, a Bounding Volume Hierarchy (BVH) is constructed, containing axis-aligned bounding volumes enclosing all surface faces (triangles) of the simulated bodies
(which coincides with the simulation meshes; see line 2 of Algorithm 1); our hierarchical data structure is a binary tree. The BVH
is used to quickly find potential face-face collisions by testing for
intersection of their bounding volumes. Since deformable objects
can have self-collisions, all faces of an object must also be tested for
collisions with all other faces of the same object. Since bounding
volumes of adjacent faces will intersect, one approach to discard
false positives is to terminate the tree traversal when both faces
belong to the same (self-collision free) surface patch (see Volino
and Thalmann (1994)). When there is a possibility that both faces
can collide at the end of the timestep, both faces must be included
in further collision checks to guarantee a collision-free state at the
end of the timestep.
To detect nearby faces of a given face, we extend each bounding
box by 3Δtv in the directions of its vertex velocities. For each face
represented in the BVH, a set is created that stores all nearby and
potentially colliding faces. All faces whose extended bounding volumes intersect the one of the current face are selected by traversing the tree. These face-face pairs are then used to create so-called
candidate lists. The candidate lists contain, for each vertex/edge, a
list of all nearby faces/edges (the candidates) that can potentially
collide; duplicate edge-edge pairs are discarded.  